welcome to Ironman cramped this is for
2008 comic-book adaptation that
kick-started the most successful
cinematic universe in movie history
helped in no small part by the direction
of Jon Favreau and for on-screen
presence of Robert Downey jr. let's go
in Afghanistan under military escort
charismatic billionaire Tony Stark comes
under fire from unseen assailants that
appeared to be armed with his own
technology they are quickly overpowered
and despite four bulletproof vest Tony
finds himself gravely wounded it's a
terrorist kidnapping but first let's go
back a bit son of legendary weapons
developer Howard Stark Tony was
considered a genius from a very young
age and grew to take over Stark
Industries following how its death with
the support of his father's friend
Obadiah Stane James Rhodes his military
liaison is ready to present him with an
award but Obadiah has to fill the gap in
Tony's absence he's too busy living the
high life for not really respecting
anything especially hot young reporters
but challenge him for being a merchant
of death she is right but also not
immune to his endless charm and state of
the art Malibu seafront villa well
Pepper Potts
Tony's assistant takes out the trash
whilst he works endlessly on building
projects and forgetting her birthday
heading in late for a military meeting
Rhodey isn't happy to be kept waiting
but fat irresponsible high life does
come with a certain gusto and he's flown
to Afghanistan to pitch his latest range
of Jericho missiles to the US Army which
is where all the trouble started
undergoing some form of surgery he
awakes in a cave Cell hooked up to a
battery for an electromagnet that is
stopping pieces of deeply embedded
shrapnel from reaching his heart he's
been saved from death by a doctor and
fellow hostage a terrorist force called
for ten rings wants him to build a
Jericho missile for them and after some
persuading put him to work with a lot of
stolen weapons he knows that they will
kill him regardless but the doctor
encourages him to take action so Tony
requests materials to get working and
the very first thing he builds is a
miniaturized arc reactor to replace for
temporary fix but it's also capable of
large amounts of energy for he's not
building
missile but a way to break free his
captors are none for wider until they're
educated leader Raza takes a look for
himself and ups for deadlines so with
the last pieces complete Tony Don's his
iron armor the guards are already
alerted but it's going to take a moment
to initialize so the doctor runs out to
buy him more time once going for power
armor makes mincemeat out of the
terrorists it's clunky but terrifying
Raza tries to finish him off but an
improvised missile returns him a
rockfall instead however the doctor has
been gravely wounded and lies dying his
own family is already dead and after
their captive time together he begs Tony
not to waste his life so he marches out
to face the rest of the terrorists and
instead wastes them he burns four men
and their stolen munition supplies and
ends up taking a brunt of heavy weapons
fire before activating his rocket escape
as the terrorists base blows up in a
huge explosion but that suit was built
from repurposed parts and he crashes in
the desert luckily though Baracus has
alerted the attention of the military
who led by Rhodey eventually come to his
rescue returning back to the States
pepper is glad to see him alive and Tony
immediately calls for a press conference
where Agent Coulson of shield makes
contact with her Stark is now a changed
man from his experiences and declares an
immediate shutdown of a weapons
manufacturing arm of his company it's a
major shift for Obadiah tries to manage
he's pissed at Tony for essentially
killing for company and focusing on for
clean energy of their arc reactor
technology this was formerly nothing but
a failed showpiece to keep the hippies
quiet until vatta's Tony made a working
version and put it in his chest it's not
looking good for the company but Tony
has been busy already updating his mini
reactor and poor Pepper Potts has to
help him with it by pulling bits of the
old one out from his chest he will die
without it
but they finish playing at operation and
he tells Pepper to toss the old one away
Tony has a new enterprise in mind the
mark to which he keeps at home and off
for company servers with the benefits of
his state-of-the-art technology and the
helpful robot arm he manages to almost
kill himself while Raza is still alive
collecting the remains of the mark 1
pepper tells him that Obadiah has come
for a visit
whilst he nearly kills him
self again because the board is trying
to kick him out of the company for
killing their share price he suggests
that Tony share his working arc reactor
technology but for now he's going to
keep things close to his chest
I apologize his flight suit project
starts to take form and despite ruining
his stuff he finds his footing and
finishes construction taking a leap of
faith he goes for an immediate test
flight with an inbuilt
AI system called Jarvis who manages for
suits technology he gets a sudden dose
of the inverse Icarus however when he
flies too high into the atmosphere and
freezes four suits temporarily causing a
shutdown
but despite bidding a return entry hole
through his own house he returns home to
find a nostalgic gift but pepper has
made for him of that first reactor as an
inventor he's immediately making
refinements for the mark free including
a gold titanium alloy that won't freeze
up
he leaves Jarvis in charge of your
automated assembly and heads out for a
red carpet fundraiser in his name miss
you big guy Obadiah is surprised to see
him and Coulson tries to book Tony in
for a debrief he takes pepper for a
dance and there's a moment between them
she doesn't want to be just another
floozy but they almost kiss on the
rooftop before he goes to fetch some
more drinks
but fat reporter returns to confront
Tony with evidence of Stark Industries
still supplying weapons
Obadiah was for one to lock Tony out of
his own company and he's kept for
weapons production going behind his back
the ten rings are still killing refugees
in Afghanistan and with a quiet fury he
dons for freshly-made mark free flight
suits displaced villages are being
murdered by the terrorists until Tony
comes in to settle the score as well as
the jet thrusters this suit has teeth
and he leaves their scumbag commander in
a hands of his own victims before taking
a direct shell hit from a tank but this
suit is also tough and he continues to
destroy their forces and weapons
placements much to the dismay of the
American Air Force who were monitoring
the area they've never seen anything
like it and Rhodes calls up Tony to see
if a former weapons tech inventor who
was kidnapped in the same area knows
anything about it Tony plays fee
innocent but fen has to avoid a couple
of American fighter jets Fitz tried to
shoot him down as an unknown enemy
argot he nearly bites for dust and after
some Millennium Falcon level of hiding
one of the f-22s is damaged in pursuit
with the pilots eject sequence failing
to deploy his chute Stark dives in and
manages to save the pilot and Rhodes
agrees to call the incident a training
exercise to keep the attention away from
Tony pepper is shocked to see him return
from live combat whilst out in the
deserts it turns out that not only was
Obadiah directly supplying Raza with the
weapons he was the one that orchestrated
the hit on Tony's convoy from the very
start Raza has recovered for Marquand
suit for him though he still lacks a
working power source but Obadiah has no
more use for the man and leaves with the
armored horses team kill the last of the
ten rings
locked out of accompany Tony asks pepper
to retrieve the details of stains black
markets dealings in order to destroy the
last of four weapons she doesn't want to
help him endanger his own life but he's
driven now by what he truly believes is
right she's all he has and pepper feels
the same for him so in his old office
she retrieves her files but also
discovers more including another suit
construction and / dyes direct
involvement with the hit on Tony and
just then he walks in and so pepper does
her very best to play it cool in the
face of a monster watched for download
completes and she manages to Bluff her
way out of a room to take her leave
suspicious however Obadiah realizes
what's happened and pepper is only able
to leave the building thanks to the
fortunate presence of SHIELD agent
coulson who is visiting yet again to
organize that debrief meeting and so on
the cusp of exposure for his crimes
Obadiah goes all out on his development
team to finish building the suits but
his scientists simply don't have the
skills to replicate such a small reactor
so instead he pops over and uses his
sonic taser on Tony himself temporarily
paralyzing him before pulling the arc
reactor directly out of his chest
showing his true colors and leaving him
for dead pepper with the support of
shield tells Rhodey what's going down
while Tony tries to drag himself to the
original reactor as he goes into cardiac
arrest he almost doesn't make it but
some robot arm comes to a rescue
saving his life Obadiah installs for
reactor in his Iron Monger suit and
Rhodes gets Tony on his feet telling him
that
pepper is with five shield agents moving
in to make the arrest but stark knows
that won't be enough and heads on over
to help and he's right
Obadiah makes short work of the agents
before almost killing pepper before Tony
dives in if Tony's suit is a finely
tuned sports car then iron among gay is
a tank and to say fight on the streets
of LA Stark is unlimited energy with
that original cave made reactor so he
heads into the sky and Iron Monger very
slowly launches into pursuit the Air
Force wants to scramble jets but roadies
vert to keep things on for down-low
Stark keeps climbing but is eventually
caught however he's reached his critical
altitude and Obadiah suit freezes and
shuts down sia with only emergency power
left
Tony barely lands but Iron Monger is
still going and tries a death grip but
he barely escapes so he sets pepper to
overload for company's large reactor
whilst he buys time to draw Stane into
position
Obadiah is heavily armed however and
shoots him all but down and so Tony
knows of it he has to risk his own life
telling pepper to blow the reactor a
giant energy wave knocks from both outs
and incapacitates four suits and Iron
Monger tumbles to his death inside the
reactor was Tony's body was thankfully
thrown clear and so the following day
whilst Rhodey and Agent Coulson provide
a cover story for Tony's whereabouts to
keep him away from media attention he
reminds pepper of their intimate moment
on the roof but she reminds him of a bit
where he left to go get drinks and never
came back
yikes and so it depressed briefing Tony
being Tony likes the sound of actually
being a superhero and tells the world
he's Iron Man so thanks a lot for
watching guys with Avengers end game on
its way I thought it would be nice to
take a look where things all started
over ten years ago and so I hope you've
enjoyed having Iron Man crammed inside
of you if you did please consider giving
that subscribe button a click and I'll
see you next time take care